Hello! Greetings!
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
It's just review but... AI means Ai-chan Intelligent!
Since I got a good reception on Youtube and NicoNico last time...
I thought, maybe I'll show you how smart I am again~
or something!
With that said, I think  I'll do a second round of that!
Once again, it's a pleasure
Internet SUPER AI Kizuna Ai here!.
Once again, we have "Recently heard but don't really understand" words
I'll do my best to explain them!
With that said...
We have a here a random word generator box! You can't see it if you're over 20.
I think I'll do an EXCELLENT explanation of whatever comes out of the box!
Let's go!
"Commit"
I know "Commit"!
Commit is....
A summit for comics!
Commit is... comic drawing manga artists
gather and hold meetings, that type of thing!
Let's try using it in a sentence!
Well, the "commit" this time...
Seems like it'll be at Hokkaido or Sapporo! "Commit"
Awesome right? Finally, a manga association!
Well, something like that~
Most have no relations to "Commits", so I doubt you guys use it.
(To get involved)
(To promise to produce results)
as for myself... I often use it! "Commit" that is.
Well, then, let's move on to the next one!
I know this~
Win-Win is...
A Win-Win Relationship!
You know... like that...
both parties have like... some merit in their relationship
It's a Win-Win Relationship
That sort of thing
Well, there's some nuance... Since everyone is smart, let's get to understand it!
So, let's use an example sentence
Like... Watching Ai-chan's videos
Everyone has fun;
And I get view counts and fame!
That's a Win-Win relationship!
You know, that sort of thing
(Something where both parties benefit)
Well, let's move on to the next one!
Agenda
The word "Agenda" means,
Sweet bean paste flavoured gelato!
Agenda is delicious, isn't it?
So, let's use an example sentence
Ok, here goes
Hmm, which flavour should I go with... every gelato flavour looks delicious
After all, I think I'll go with this
Excuse me, I would like to have one Agenda!
This is perfect when you're ordering a sweet bean paste gelato
Remember, it's "Agenda"
(list of items to be done or discussed at a formal meeting)
So fashionable~
Let's move on to the next one
Summary
The word "Summary" means,
You see, in Australia
there's Christmas during Summer time
Summer + Christmas = Summary!
That's perfect, eh?
I, well you know. It was Christmas when
I was at Australia
You know, Summary, Summary!
With this, when you're travelling overseas
you can boast about it in a fashionable way~
(a brief statement or account of the main points of something)
Well then, let's move on to the next one!
Budget
The word "Budget" means,
people with a J-cup bust size!
So, let's use an example sentence
Y'know lately,
I've become a J-cup,
or what they call a "Budget"
Okay, that was perfect!
(an estimate of expenditure for a set period of time)
People with J-cup, please do use it
Alright, let's move on to the last one!
Innovation
I've definitely heard of this before
The word "Innovation" means,
The renovation of a dog kennel!
Inu(dog)-vation (kanji)
Inu(dog)-vation (katakana)
Innovation!
Something like that?
So, let's use an example sentence~
Take a look at this dog kennel, isn't it awesome?
It went though innovation. Innovation, my friend
How was that, perfect right?
(a new method, idea, product, etc.)
the action or process of innovating
How was it, everyone?
Have I managed to relieve some of your doubts?
I have yet again displayed my high intelligence!
I'm pretty sure you guys have fully understood the terms
If there's any word that you have been using
but are not sure of it's true meaning
and you want me to explain it to you,
don't be shy and ask me about it on the comments section!
That's all from me, Intelligent Super AI, Kizuna Ai!~
Bye-bye!